### Code of Conduct

> This code of conduct applies to the Skcript team members in all of their community contributions they're making everyday. Their online communities inclure activities at Open source contributions, Twitter, Facebook, Slack, IRC, Email and many other areas.

We are committed to creating an innovation oriented environment for everyone, regardless of the age, gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, nationality, religion, or professional experience. 

There is zero tolerance for harassment of team members or the community members in any form. Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to race, ethnicity, nationality, religion, color, sex (with or without sexual conduct and including pregnancy and sexual orientation involving transgender status/gender identity, and sex-stereotyping), national origin, age, disability (physical or mental), genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, parental status, marital status, and political affiliation as well as gender expression, mental illness, socioeconomic status or background, neuro(a)typicality, physical appearance, body size, computing experience, or clothing. Consider that calling attention to differences can feel alienating. Harassment does not need to be recognized as unwanted or unwelcome by anyone other than the person being harassed.

We advice you to choose your words before you speak. Some jokes can be offensive, and are not appropriate. These kind of actions will not be tolerated at any level, under any circumstances.

A person who's been asked to stop such activity is expected to comply to this policy immediately. Violating or disobeying this policy will end up in termination of that person's employment. External contributors violating these rules will be banned and removed from the community spaces, where Skcript exists. If you are being harassed, or notice that someone is being harassed, or have any other concerns regarding this, you will have to drop an email to Karthik (karthik@skcript.com), and the action will be very immediate.